https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBt53YbR9Kk&t=8623s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBt53YbR9Kk

Dynamic programming
Part 1: Memoization
Part 2: Tabulation

Dynamic Programming
canSum -> Decision Problem
howSum -> Combination Problem
bestSum -> Optimization Problem

CanConstruct -> Memorization 

Dunamic programming interview problems:
1. Have a system to solve every problems
2. All dynamic programming problems are very similar

How to approach any dynamic proramming problem?
Ans: FAST mathod. 
This four step process makes it very easy for you to clearly and consistently think about dynamic programming.
The five different sample problems that commonly occur in treeviews.
Fully understanding the FAST method and how to apply it in our examples will prepare you for any dynamic programming problems that you might face in an interview situation.

Recursion: Recursion is the key to understanding dynamic programming. 
dynamic programming involves breaking problems down into samller subproblems.
The first step of the FAST method requires you to 
1. find a recusive solution to the problem 

What is dynamic programming?
The technique of storing reated computations in memory, rather than recomputing them every inporve runtime. 
Dynamic programming allows you to use more sapce to take less time.

The following two characteristics are required of all problems that can be otpimized using dynamic programming:
1. Optimal substructure. 
2. Overlapping subproblems.

Optimal Substructure:
Optimal substructure requires that you can solve a problem based on the solutions of subproblems. 
For example, 
if you want to calculate the 5th Fibonacci number, it can be solved by
computing fib(5) = fib(4) + fib(3). 

It is not necessary to know any more information other than the solutions of those two subproblems, in order to get the solution.
A useful way to think about optimal substructure is whether a problem can be easily solved recursively. 
Recursive solutions inherently solve a problem by breaking it down into smaller subproblems. 
If you can solve a problem recursively, it most likely has an optimal substructure.

Overlapping subproblems:
Overlapping subproblems means that when you split your problem into subproblems, you sometimes get the same subproblem multiple times. 
With the Fibonacci example, if we want to compute fib(5), we need to compute fib(4) and fib(3). 
However, to compute fib(4), we need to compute fib(3) again. 
This is a wasted effort, since we’ve already computed the value of fib(3).

Dynamic programming relies on overlapping subproblems, because it uses memory to save the values that have already been computed to avoid computing them again. 
The more overlap there is, the more computational time is saved.

